add dev container (#34)
demisto/vscode-extension: CHANGELOG.md

- Removed the support of the **maintenance** option from the *Update Release Notes* command.
- Fixed running demisto-sdk commands in menus from directories to run in the correct directory.
- Added an option to run lint with tests in menu.

> - Added an option to run content and integrations/scripts on development container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added an option to run content and integrations/scripts in a development container with right-click and pick <command-name>.  also add a gif/screenshot of it.
```
